chore(ui-tests): stabilize ui tests (#640)
Vonage/vivid-3: docs/ui-test/readme.md

3. Update the relevant `yml` files that are using this image to use the new version.

## Updating playwright version

1. Change the version in package.json
2. Change the version in the dockerfile
3. Install locally: npm i && npx playwright install
4. Rebuild the image: `npx nx run components:e2e --task=build`
5. Raise the tag: `docker tag vivid-visual-tests-img drizzt99/vonage:1.x.x`
6. Push to the repository: `docker push drizzt99/vonage:1.x.x`

> 7. Run the tests: `npx nx run components:e2e` to make sure everything works fine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Run the tests: `npx nx run components:e2e` to ensure everything works fine
```
